...Boss? Oh, hey! You're awake. (Press SPACE to continue)
That was quite a fall! How do you feel? Can you move? (Press SPACE to continue)
--Use the WASD keys to move.-- (Press SPACE to continue)
Well, it looks like your joints are still working. (Press SPACE to continue)
Well, why don't you stretch a little bit! Get the soreness out of your joints. (Press SPACE to continue)
--Move the MOUSE to look around.-- (Press SPACE to continue)
Wonderful. I can't help but notice you're carrying one of our prized chickens! (Press SPACE to continue)
I'm sure I don't need to tell you, but these chickens are very special. (Press SPACE to continue)
They're docile creatures, but their eggs pack a bit more punch than most! (Press SPACE to continue)
You can't do it just yet, but you should remember that the LEFT MOUSE throws an egg. (Press SPACE to continue)
Over time, eggs will accumulate in your reserve pouch. (Press SPACE to continue)
Your chicken isn't just a producer of eggs, though. (Press SPACE to continue)
They have the ability to launch any of the eggs you give them. (Press SPACE to continue)
Generally you'll have a few eggs, uh, "loaded" into your chicken at once. (Press SPACE to continue)
...Don't ask. You're the boss, not me. (Press SPACE to continue)
You'll need to "reload" your eggs every now and again when your chicken runs dry with R. (Press SPACE to continue)
Next step. Remember that your chickens are very versatile. (Press SPACE to continue)
You can ask it to produce a few more eggs per throw if you like. (Press SPACE to continue)
You'd switch modes on your chicken with 1 and 2 on your keyboard. (Press SPACE to continue)
Notice that this version of your chicken can't throw quite as fast as your first version. (Press SPACE to continue)
If you have some difficulty reaching far away locations with your chicken... (Press SPACE to continue)
...just aim down the chicken's crest! Hold the RIGHT MOUSE BUTTON to do that. (Press SPACE to continue)
Alright, great. I think that should just about cover it. (Press SPACE to continue)
Over time, you might be able to accumulate funds to improve your chickens. (Press SPACE to continue)
At the end of each day, you can come to your coop: the "Main Menu", you call it. (Press SPACE to continue)
If you have difficulty, you can pause at any time with ESC. (Press SPACE to continue)
Alright, let's work! I've spawned in an animatronic scarecrow. (Press SPACE to finish)
Smash it up, and we can get to work. Talk to you after! (Press SPACE to finish)